Figure 21-1: Our final shared project

Before we get started, we should mention two details. First, the method we’ll
use won’t be the best way to build a web server with Rust. Community members
have published a number of production-ready crates available at
crates.io at *https://crates.io/* that provide more complete web server and
thread pool implementations than we’ll build. However, our intention in this
chapter is to help you learn, not to take the easy route. Because Rust is a
systems programming language, we can choose the level of abstraction we want to
work with and can go to a lower level than is possible or practical in other
languages.

Second, we will not be using async and await here. Building a thread pool is a
big enough challenge on its own, without adding in building an async runtime!
However, we will note how async and await might be applicable to some of the
same problems we will see in this chapter. Ultimately, as we noted back in
Chapter 17, many async runtimes use thread pools for managing their work.

We’ll therefore write the basic HTTP server and thread pool manually so that
you can learn the general ideas and techniques behind the crates you might use
in the future.

## Building a Single-Threaded Web Server

We’ll start by getting a single-threaded web server working. Before we begin,
let’s look at a quick overview of the protocols involved in building web
servers. The details of these protocols are beyond the scope of this book, but
a brief overview will give you the information you need.

The two main protocols involved in web servers are *Hypertext Transfer
Protocol* *(HTTP)* and *Transmission Control Protocol* *(TCP)*. Both protocols
are *request-response* protocols, meaning a *client* initiates requests and a
*server* listens to the requests and provides a response to the client. The
contents of those requests and responses are defined by the protocols.

TCP is the lower-level protocol that describes the details of how information
gets from one server to another but doesn’t specify what that information is.
HTTP builds on top of TCP by defining the contents of the requests and
responses. It’s technically possible to use HTTP with other protocols, but in
the vast majority of cases, HTTP sends its data over TCP. We’ll work with the
raw bytes of TCP and HTTP requests and responses.