1. The time on the website needs to be displayed in a fixed time zone. I want to see the same time on the website whether I am in the United States or in Taiwan.
2. The time on the website will be different according to the user's browser settings. I will see different times in the United States and Taiwan.
3. PM did not consider this issue and only considered local users, so there is no need to worry about this for the time being.

And this is only the display part. There is another part that communicates with the backend. We can talk about this later, but in any case, correctly handling time and time zones is not a simple matter.

I have recently encountered related issues in one or two jobs, so I have a little experience in this area and wrote this article to share with you.

<!-- more -->

## Let's start with timestamp

When it comes to time, I prefer to start with timestamp, or more precisely, Unix timestamp.

What is a timestamp? You open the console of devtool and enter: `console.log(new Date().getTime())`, and the thing that comes out is what we call a timestamp.

And this timestamp refers to: "From UTC+0 time zone, January 1, 1970, 0:00:00, how many milliseconds have passed in total", and the value I got when writing this article is 1608905630674.

The ECMAScript spec is written like this:

> 20.4.1.1 Time Values and Time Range
>
> Time measurement in ECMAScript is analogous to time measurement in POSIX, in particular sharing definition in terms of the proleptic Gregorian calendar, an epoch of midnight at the beginning of 01 January, 1970 UTC, and an accounting of every day as comprising exactly 86,400 seconds (each of which is 1000 milliseconds long).

The time in Unix systems is represented in this way, and the timestamp obtained by many programming languages is also similar. However, some may only be accurate to "seconds", and some may be accurate to "milliseconds". If you find that some places in the code need to be divided by 1000 or multiplied by 1000, it is likely to be doing the conversion between seconds and milliseconds.