The author's stance has remained the same from the past to the present:

> The problem here is that EJS is simply a way of executing JS to render a template. If you allow passing of arbitrary/unsanitized options and data to the render function, you will encounter all security problems that would occur as a result of arbitrary code execution. Henny Youngman used to tell a joke: "The patient says, 'Doctor, it hurts when I do this.' So the doctor says, 'Then don't do that!'" I'm open to PRs that improve security, but this looks to me to be far beyond the purview of the library. These responsibilities live squarely in userland.

Basically, if developers want to use the library in this way, the author cannot do anything about it. This is not the responsibility of EJS and end users should not be allowed to pass in the entire object.

Recently, EJS developers have also added a notice in the README and on the official website due to receiving many similar issue reports:

> Security professionals, before reporting any security issues, please reference the SECURITY.md in this project, in particular, the following: "EJS is effectively a JavaScript runtime. Its entire job is to execute JavaScript. If you run the EJS render method without checking the inputs yourself, you are responsible for the results."

So this trick can be used now and in the future. If someone can control the object during rendering, it means that RCE can be achieved.

Later, I want to write another article from the developer's perspective. Although what the EJS author said makes sense, at least as a library, EJS should remind developers in the documentation not to use it in this way. Although there is already a prompt now, it is more targeted at asking security researchers not to report, rather than asking developers not to use it in this way.

Or maybe this is actually a bad coding practice. There should not have been such a pattern in the first place that allows others to exploit it.

I haven't figured this out yet. I'll write about it when I do.