For example, hexo is still okay, and most theme performance is not too bad, at most a little bloated. For my current huli blog, the Lighthouse score on the homepage is 81 in terms of performance, and the First Contentful Paint is 3.4 seconds, which is not too bad, but there is room for improvement. And my blog looks very simple but took so much time to build, indicating that there are many areas for improvement.

However, I have seen some self-built blogs with poor performance, taking several seconds to load content, which is completely unacceptable.

The article mentioned above introduces a template called [eleventy-high-performance-blog](https://github.com/google/eleventy-high-performance-blog) developed by a Google AMP tech lead. Since the title is already named like this, it means that it is performance-oriented.

Recently, I happened to help my former students build a technical blog, and I thought of this solution and tried it out. The results were amazing, and I immediately fell in love with it. I give it a five-star rating for overall satisfaction.

If you are interested in the blog I mentioned, here is the link: [ErrorBaker Technical Blog](https://blog.errorbaker.tw/)

The advantages of this eleventy-high-performance-blog template are that it is really fast in terms of performance and has processed many things for you, including:

1. Optimizing images, automatically compressing, converting formats, and loading with `<picture>`, as well as native lazy loading
2. There is almost no CSS and JS, so the file size is very small
3. Basic SEO is done
4. a11y is taken into consideration
5. The layout is simple, the files are few, and it is easy to modify

In addition to the advantages of the template, eleventy (hereinafter referred to as 11ty) also has some advantages as an SSG, including:

1. Simple syntax and easy to get started
2. Easy to customize
3. Detailed documentation

It is worth mentioning that these blogs are actually for one person to use, but the blog I am building is by default for multiple authors, so some customization is required. I spent about half a day to a day to make these modifications and turned a single-person blog into a multi-author blog.