<!-- more -->

Before talking about ReDoS, let's first mention what is DoS.

For example, suppose a website framework does not parse HTTP requests well and crashes when encountering special characters, causing the server to restart. At this time, attackers can continuously send such requests that will cause the website to crash, causing the server to keep restarting, which is a DoS attack.

If you want to divide it further, you can also divide it into which layer is being attacked, such as the network layer or the application layer, etc. This article is about attacks on the application layer.

Most of the attacks you see in network news are DDoS, with an additional D in front, meaning distributed, and most of them are attacks on the network layer. As can be seen from the DoS example we mentioned earlier, basically, it is because the website itself has problems, such as not considering special situations, etc., that attackers can use it, and DDoS is more like: "I will find a bunch of people to overload you regardless of whether you have problems or not."

To give a real-life example, suppose you run a snack shop that sells common items like dry noodles and boiled greens. Because it takes a lot of time to look at the customer's menu and what they ordered, and it feels impersonal to order with a mobile phone, you ordered a "menu reading robot" to help you look at the customer's order.

At this time, I deliberately drew symbols on the menu, but some places looked normal, making it difficult to read the menu, and the robot's recognition function was not done well and could not be interpreted, so it stopped. This is called DoS, exhausting resources with one's own strength.

I will find a hundred people to go to your place, and each person will draw a lot of blank menus and throw them to the robot, making the robot overwhelmed and unable to handle other customers' menus. This is called DDoS.

In short, DoS is usually "able to cause service interruption with a small amount of resources", while DDoS is "using a lot more resources to directly knock out your service."