This is not a problem with webpack itself, but many beginners now start with React or Vue directly in front-end development, and they all use the CLI tools provided by them. When they need to customize some settings, they will notice: "Oh, there is a thing called webpack."

CLI tools bring convenience, and the advantage is that beginners can quickly get started without worrying about those cumbersome settings; the disadvantage is that if beginners are not aware of the tools behind them, when the tools are broken, cannot be used, or need to be modified somewhere, it will be the beginning of a nightmare.

In order to reduce this situation, I decided to write this article, hoping to introduce everyone to the concept of webpack and modularity from the source. You must first know what a module is to understand what webpack is.

At the beginning, I want to let everyone think about their familiarity with modularity and webpack through a few questions:

1. Why do many projects (such as React) need to be built before deployment? What is this step doing?
2. Do you know the difference between `require/module.exports` and `import/export`?
3. Do you know that these two syntaxes of import and export cannot be used casually on the browser?
4. Do you know why to use webpack?
5. Do you know why webpack needs a loader?

These questions should inspire you a little bit while reading this article, and I will answer them for you at the end.

<!-- more -->

## Modularity

I believe everyone should have heard of the term module. This is a simple example.

For example, your mobile phone, if the screen is broken, you can only replace the screen, if the camera is broken, you can only replace the camera, and if the battery is broken, you can only replace the battery. You may say, "Oh, what about it?"

Have you ever thought about why you can replace it like this? Because the screen and the camera are two completely independent functions, they do not interfere with each other and have no dependencies, so replacing the screen will not break the camera function, and vice versa. This is actually the concept of modularity. The screen is a module that is only responsible for displaying information, and the camera is another module that is responsible for taking pictures. Through the software of the mobile phone, the screen and the camera are integrated to display the picture captured by the camera on the screen.