And I don't know React is a series of records I made for myself, recording some React that I don't know, and these articles are summarized from my experience using React. Some of the errors I have encountered may be very basic and common (just like those written in the official documents, but I didn't read them carefully, so I don't know), and some may be relatively rare (I may encounter them only after writing for three or four years at work).

In other words, the spirit of writing this series is different from YDKJS. The former wants to tell you some things about JS that few people know, and it feels like "I will teach you how to write JS". The reason why I wrote this series called "I don't know" is because I want to use a series of articles to record the misunderstandings or omissions I have encountered when writing React, and what is the correct answer.

I don't know how many articles this series will have. I will post an article every time I make a mistake. There is a big difference in this series that I think is quite large. I will try to provide the scene where the mistake was made at the beginning of the article, so that everyone has the opportunity to debug before seeing the answer and see if they can find out where the error is. I think this is actually the most essential part. This is not a standardized interview question, nor is it a React quiz randomly found on the Internet, but a real situation I have encountered at work.

Because I want everyone to immerse themselves in the situation as much as possible and think about the problems I have encountered, there will be a lot of space for "defining and reproducing problems". If you are not interested in finding answers yourself, you can also skip this part and go directly to see the answer. But I personally recommend that you try to debug it yourself first, find out where the problem is, and then come to see the answer in the article, so that you can fully absorb what the article wants to express.

Anyway, let's take a look at the case we want to talk about in this article!