In fact, there are different opinions on Cache on the Internet. If there are any doubts, I will try to follow the standards written in the RFC. If there are any errors, please correct me. Thank you.

<!-- more -->

# Why do we need Cache?

Asking "why" is a good habit. Before using something, you must know why you need it. So, we need to ask ourselves a question: Why do we need Cache?

It's simple, because it saves traffic, time, or more macroscopically, reduces resource consumption.

For example, the homepage of an e-commerce website may have many products. If you retrieve all the data from the database every time a visitor visits the homepage, it will be a huge burden on the database.

However, in fact, these information on the homepage will not change in the short term. The price of a product cannot be one thousand yuan one second and two thousand yuan the next second. Therefore, these infrequently changing data are suitable for storage, which is what we call Cache. 

In the above example, the information on the homepage can be retrieved once and stored somewhere, such as Redis, which is actually stored in the form of a simple Key-Value Pair. Then, whenever this information is used, it can be retrieved at an extremely fast speed, instead of recalculating it in the database.

The above is Server-side Cache, which is achieved by retrieving data from the database and storing it elsewhere. However, Server-side Cache is not the focus of today. Interested readers can refer to my previous article: [Redis Introduction](http://blog.techbridge.cc/2016/06/18/redis-introduction/).

Today's focus is on the Cache mechanism between the Server and the browser.

For example, the product images on an e-commerce website. If there is no Cache, the hundreds of product images displayed on the homepage will be downloaded several times as the webpage is viewed several times, which is a huge amount of traffic. Therefore, we must allow the browser to Cache these images. This way, only the first time the webpage is viewed will it need to be downloaded again. The second time it is viewed, the images can be retrieved directly from the browser's Cache, without requesting data from the Server.