<!-- more -->

Before we begin, there are a few things that must be explained.

First of all, this article is aimed at people with no programming background. If you already have a programming background, you can skip the relevant units. In addition, for people with no background who want to switch careers, this article is definitely not the "fastest" career guide.

If you want to be quick, I believe that many of the things mentioned in the article do not need to be learned, as some job thresholds are so low that they scare me. But focusing only on speed will only make an unstable foundation even more unstable. Even if you find a job, then what? Will you stop improving yourself? Will you let your skills stay where they are?

If you want to do this job for a long time, you will eventually face these questions, and the foundations that were not learned well in the past will come back to haunt you when you are confused about why you can't move forward. Everyone's definition of "essential" and "solid" is different. For example, some people may think that as long as they complete the subjects taught in computer science, everything else is not as important. This article is about the learning path that I think is solid.

This article will tell you what I think you should learn and in what order. Most importantly, I will provide reasons. You can judge for yourself whether the reasons behind it are reasonable and decide whether to follow this order of learning. The reasons are the most important.

If you have time, you can refer to these two articles I wrote before:

1. [What are we really learning when we learn to code?](https://medium.com/@hulitw/learn-coding-9c572c2fb2)

2. [There is no magic in my classroom](https://medium.com/hulis-blog/there-is-no-magic-in-my-classroom-4926b67c06f5)

The learning path below is basically adapted from my previous [course outline](https://github.com/Lidemy/mentor-program-3rd), and is designed based on the principles mentioned above. In addition, most of the following is actually telling you what tools you should learn, but please remember that when learning tools, you must also think about why you need to use these tools and what problems they solve. This article only focuses on the field of front-end web development, and does not include the basic skills of other engineers (such as problem decomposition or problem definition).