So I chose three time slots and replied, and soon received a reply:
> Hello, here is your interview information:
Company location: 14th floor, No. 3 Taipei Road, Taipei City (above FamilyMart convenience store, exchange certificate at the counter on the first floor, take the elevator to the 14th floor and turn right, tell the receptionist that you are here for an interview)
Position applied for: Engineer
Contact number: 02-2222-2222 (#621) Mr. Chen
Time: 11:00 a.m. on 1/1
The interview process takes about 1 hour. The first 20 minutes will be used to fill out basic information and a written test (basic programming ability). You don't need to bring your resume, we will provide it; but you can bring any materials that can prove your professional skills or work results.

When I went to the interview on 1/1, HR asked me to fill out information and take the written test in the conference room. After I finished, she roughly explained the company's situation, benefits, and the interview process. For example, there are three stages of the interview in total, and finally let me ask questions. After confirming that there were no problems, the technical person in charge came to interview me.

After the interview with the technical person in charge, he said to me:
> Today's interview ends here. We will discuss whether to invite you to participate in the third round of interviews. The result will be notified to you in about 3 days, and no later than next Friday. Regardless of the result, we will send a letter to notify you.

After about five days, I received an email like this:
>Hello, thank you for applying for the engineer position at our company. Unfortunately, we believe that your professional knowledge does not meet the standards for this position.
To avoid delaying your opportunities with other companies, we are notifying you with this email.
(The following official and formal language is omitted)

If a company interviews me like this, even if I am not accepted, I will still recommend this company.
This is not a matter of acceptance or rejection, but a matter of respect.