internet, the job seeker may share with friends later: Hey, I went to XXX today, their interview process is awesome! Conversely, a poor interview process can cause harm for years to come, with negative reviews one after another. Below are some practical examples, all of which are positive examples, and I will directly mention the company names. Yes, I remember the companies that treated me well when I went for an interview!

Today I want to talk to you about my ideal interview process, which can be roughly divided into three steps:

1. Before the interview (arranging the interview)
2. During the interview
3. After the interview

Let's discuss each of these three steps one by one.

<!-- more -->

## Before the interview
As far as I know, there are mainly two ways to arrange an interview:

1. Phone
2. Email

The advantage of arranging an interview by phone is that you can finalize the time immediately without going back and forth through email. But I think there are also some disadvantages, such as the fact that job seekers are likely to interview with several companies. It is possible that when you call, they are in the middle of an interview or too busy to answer the phone.

Or like me, when I arranged a lot of interviews at that time, I had to check my phone calendar to see when I was available for an interview when he called me. Therefore, I personally prefer to use email to set the time, and if there is no response after two or three days, then I will use the phone to arrange the interview.

One thing to note is that after arranging the interview time by phone, HR must send another interview invitation letter. As mentioned earlier, job seekers may be very busy, and if they don't record the time immediately, they won't know where to start later. Therefore, sending a letter to notify the interview time again is a necessary and thoughtful behavior.

As for arranging an interview time by email, there are two types that I have encountered:

1. Directly schedule a time for you, and if it do