In other words, the spirit of writing this series is different from YDKJS. The former wants to tell you some things about JS that few people know, and it feels like "I will teach you how to write JS". The reason why I wrote this series called "I don't know" is because I want to use a series of articles to record the misunderstandings or omissions I have encountered when writing React, and what is the correct answer.

I don't know how many articles this series will have. I will post an article every time I make a mistake. There is a big difference in this series that I think is quite large. I will try to provide the scene where the mistake was made at the beginning of the article, so that everyone has the opportunity to debug before seeing the answer and see if they can find out where the error is. I think this is actually the most essential part. This is not a standardized interview question, nor is it a React quiz randomly found on the Internet, but a real situation I have encountered at work.

Because I want everyone to immerse themselves in the situation as much as possible and think about the problems I have encountered, there will be a lot of space for "defining and reproducing problems". If you are not interested in finding answers yourself, you can also skip this part and go directly to see the answer. But I personally recommend that you try to debug it yourself first, find out where the problem is, and then come to see the answer in the article, so that you can fully absorb what the article wants to express.

Anyway, let's take a look at the case we want to talk about in this article!

<!-- more -->

## Reproducing the actual case

This time we want to demo the Snackbar component, which is a small and cute component that appears at the bottom of the screen to prompt the user. Our task is very simple, just write a Snackbar and let it work normally. Because the focus here is not on style, so I will write the style part casually, just for demonstration.

We can first write a basic skeleton, use the `open` props to determine the transparency, and can accept the `children` passed in and render it out: