y under a category called "Technical/Humanities Knowledge/International Services," and the detailed qualifications that can be applied for are listed on the website of the [Immigration Services Agency of Japan](https://www.moj.go.jp/isa/applications/status/gijinkoku.html). There is a PDF file called "[Regarding the criteria for activities and landing permits](https://www.moj.go.jp/isa/content/001366995.pdf)" (if the link is broken, the document may have been moved, but you can Google it with keywords) that lists the qualifications that can be applied for.

(By the way, some readers may have heard of the Highly Skilled Professional System. According to my understanding, even if you have a score of 70 for highly skilled professionals, you cannot apply for a visa if you do not meet the conditions below.)

One of the conditions is that you must prove that you have the professional ability to perform the job. How do you prove it?

1. Graduation from a university (or higher) in a related field
2. Graduation from a Japanese technical college
3. Ten or more years of work experience (strictly speaking, practical experience, which seems to include the period when you majored in related courses in school)

For the first point, I have heard of some cases where people who did not graduate in a related field were still able to obtain a visa.

But my situation is different. My highest educational qualification is high school graduation.

To supplement, it is said that depending on the size of the company, the data and qualifications that are looked at may be different. Therefore, in theory, whether you can pass or not still depends on the advice of a professional administrative scrivener, and whether you actually pass depends on how the Immigration Bureau judges it.

But anyway, our company consulted an administrative scrivener, and the conclusion was that it is unlikely that I can obtain a visa under my conditions.

If, like me, you only have a high school diploma and do not have ten years of work experience, what should you do? (Or if you cannot provide proof of ten years of experience, such as if your previous company went bankrupt and did not leave a resignation certificate, or if your labor insurance record can be used but I am not sure)