<!-- more -->

# The Experts Are Not as Powerful as You Think

We often see many famous developers being called experts. There must be a reason for this title. Maybe they give speeches at conferences every year, have been contributing to the community for a long time, or have written an amazing book. They are indeed excellent in these aspects, but they are just people after all. They are good at what they are good at, but they don't know everything.

The following is an excerpt from the article written by Dan Abramov:

> People often assume that I know far more than I actually do.
> 大家常以為我會的東西很多，但其實沒那麼多

> In this post I’ll offer an incomplete list of programming topics that people often wrongly assume that I know. I’m not saying you don’t need to learn them — or that I don’t know other useful things.
> 這篇文章會列出一些大家以為我會但其實我不會的東西，但我不是說這些東西不需要學，也不是說我不知道其他有用的東西

> First, there is often an unrealistic expectation that an experienced engineer knows every technology in their field. Have you seen a “learning roadmap” that consists of a hundred libraries and tools? It’s useful — but intimidating.
> 首先，大家對大神們總有一些不切實際的幻想，認為他們在各自的領域中什麼都會。你有看過那些列出一大堆工具跟函式庫的學習路線圖嗎？那很有用沒錯，但也很嚇人

(The translation here is only for the meaning, and there may be some slight deviations from the original text.)

It's not interesting to quote too many paragraphs. I suggest that you read the original article first, or you can read my article first and then go to the original article. In any case, you must read the original article.

If you don't know who Dan Abramov is, let me briefly introduce him. He is the creator of Redux and later went to work at Facebook. He is currently a member of the React team. He publishes some small knowledge related to React or other articles on his [blog](https://overreacted.io/). He is strong, good at writing, and loves to share. He is my personal role model.

In the paragraph quoted above, he wants to express that everyone thinks that an excellent developer knows everything. He is often thought to know a lot, but he doesn't know that much. He then listed a lot of things he doesn't know: