parallelism and concurrency. Our
programs’ logic, however, is written in a mostly linear fashion. We’d like to
be able to specify the operations a program should perform and points at which
a function could pause and some other part of the program could run instead,
without needing to specify up front exactly the order and manner in which each
bit of code should run. *Asynchronous programming* is an abstraction that lets
us express our code in terms of potential pausing points and eventual results
that takes care of the details of coordination for us.

This chapter builds on Chapter 16’s use of threads for parallelism and
concurrency by introducing an alternative approach to writing code: Rust’s
futures, streams, and the `async` and `await` syntax that let us express how
operations could be asynchronous, and the third-party crates that implement
asynchronous runtimes: code that manages and coordinates the execution of
asynchronous operations.

Let’s consider an example. Say you’re exporting a video you’ve created of a
family celebration, an operation that could take anywhere from minutes to
hours. The video export will use as much CPU and GPU power as it can. If you
had only one CPU core and your operating system didn’t pause that export until
it completed—that is, if it executed the export *synchronously*—you couldn’t do
anything else on your computer while that task was running. That would be a
pretty frustrating experience. Fortunately, your computer’s operating system
can, and does, invisibly interrupt the export often enough to let you get other
work done simultaneously.

Now say you’re downloading a video shared by someone else, which can also take
a while but does not take up as much CPU time. In this case, the CPU has to
wait for data to arrive from the network. While you can start reading the data
once it starts to arrive, it might take some time for all of it to show up.
Even once the data is all present, if the video is quite large, it could take
at least a second or two to load it all. That might not sound like much, but
it’s a very long time for a modern processor, which can perform billions of
operations every second. Again, your operating system will invisibly interrupt
your program to allow the CPU to perform other work while waiting for the
network call to finish.