ownership
because once you transfer a value down a channel, you should no longer use that
value. Shared-memory concurrency is like multiple ownership: Multiple threads
can access the same memory location at the same time. As you saw in Chapter 15,
where smart pointers made multiple ownership possible, multiple ownership can
add complexity because these different owners need managing. Rust’s type system
and ownership rules greatly assist in getting this management correct. For an
example, let’s look at mutexes, one of the more common concurrency primitives
for shared memory.

<!-- Old headings. Do not remove or links may break. -->

<a id="using-mutexes-to-allow-access-to-data-from-one-thread-at-a-time"></a>

### Controlling Access with Mutexes

_Mutex_ is an abbreviation for _mutual exclusion_, as in a mutex allows only
one thread to access some data at any given time. To access the data in a
mutex, a thread must first signal that it wants access by asking to acquire the
mutex’s lock. The _lock_ is a data structure that is part of the mutex that
keeps track of who currently has exclusive access to the data. Therefore, the
mutex is described as _guarding_ the data it holds via the locking system.

Mutexes have a reputation for being difficult to use because you have to
remember two rules:

1. You must attempt to acquire the lock before using the data.
2. When you’re done with the data that the mutex guards, you must unlock the
   data so that other threads can acquire the lock.

For a real-world metaphor for a mutex, imagine a panel discussion at a
conference with only one microphone. Before a panelist can speak, they have to
ask or signal that they want to use the microphone. When they get the
microphone, they can talk for as long as they want to and then hand the
microphone to the next panelist who requests to speak. If a panelist forgets to
hand the microphone off when they’re finished with it, no one else is able to
speak. If management of the shared microphone goes wrong, the panel won’t work
as planned!

Management of mutexes can be incredibly tricky to get right, which is why so
many people are enthusiastic about channels. However, thanks to Rust’s type
system and ownership rules, you can’t get locking and unlocking wrong.