Prefer storing the primary key (or a compact reference to it) as the value in a
secondary index. This reduces storage usage and avoids keeping multiple copies
of the same data in sync. The trade‑off is a double read when querying through
the index (index → primary).

Pros

- Lower storage and write amplification
- Fewer updates when non‑indexed fields change
- Clearer transactional updates: update primary + index together

Cons

- Requires a second read to resolve the primary value
- You must maintain referential integrity atomically (create/update/delete in a
  single transaction)

:::

Maintaining consistency between primary and secondary keys is crucial when using
secondary indexes. If a value is updated at the primary key without updating the
secondary key, the data returned from a query targeting the secondary key will
be incorrect. To ensure that primary and secondary keys always represent the
same data, use atomic operations when inserting, updating, or deleting data.
This approach ensures that the group of mutation actions are executed as a
single unit, and either all succeed or all fail, preventing inconsistencies.

## Unique indexes (one-to-one)

Unique indexes have each key in the index associated with exactly one primary
key. For example, when storing user data and looking up users by both their
unique IDs and email addresses, store user data under two separate keys: one for
the primary key (user ID) and another for the secondary index (email → user ID).
This setup allows querying users based on either their ID or their email. The
secondary index can also enforce uniqueness constraints on values in the store.
In the case of user data, use the index to ensure that each email address is
associated with only one user.

To implement a unique secondary index for this example, follow these steps:

1. Create a `User` interface representing the data:

   ```ts
   interface User {
     id: string;
     name: string;
     email: string;
   }
   ```

2. Define an `insertUser` function that stores user data at the primary key and
   stores a pointer (the primary key) at the secondary key: