- An application was scaled up to handle load, but the load has decreased enough
  to be handled by a single instance again.
- The underlying server executing the instance is too resource constrained to
  continue running this application instance.
- The underlying infrastructure is being updated or has experienced a failure.

When the system decides to evict an application, it attempts to divert traffic
away from the instance being evicted as early as possible. Sometimes this means
that a request will wait for a new instance to boot up even though an existing
instance is already running.

When an application only serves requests that finish quickly, evictions are
usually unnoticeable. For applications that serve long-running requests or
WebSockets, evictions can be more noticeable because the application may need to
be evicted while still processing a request. The system will try to avoid these
scenarios, but it is not always possible.

After traffic has been diverted away from the old instance, the system sends a
`SIGINT` signal to trigger a graceful shutdown. The application should finish
processing any remaining requests quickly and shut down websockets and other
long-running connections. Clients making long-running requests should be
prepared to handle these disruptions and reconnect when disconnected.

5 seconds after the `SIGINT` signal is sent, the old instance will be forcibly
killed with a `SIGKILL` signal if it has not already shut down gracefully.

## Cold starts

Because applications are not always running, they may need to start when a
request is received. This is called a cold start. Cold starts in Deno Deploy are
highly optimized and complete within 100 milliseconds for hello world
applications, and within a few hundred milliseconds for larger applications.

Deno Deploy uses multiple optimizations to enable fast cold starts:

- Linux microVMs and the Deno runtime are pre-provisioned to ensure they don't
  need to be created from scratch when starting an application.

- Applications start immediately when the client sends the first TCP packet to
  establish a TLS connection. For fast-starting applications, depending on the
  network round trip latency, the application may already be running before the
  client sends the HTTP request.

- File system access is optimized for frequently used startup files. Deno Deploy
  analyzes file access patterns during the build step's warmup phase and
  optimizes the file system for faster access.

When cold starts are slow, they can negatively impact user experience. To
optimize your application for quick startup:

1. Minimize dependencies used by your application.

2. Load infrequently accessed code and dependencies lazily using dynamic
   `import()`.

3. Minimize I/O operations during startup, especially top-level `await`
   operations and network requests.

If your application starts slowly, please [contact Deno support](../support) for
help investigating the issue.